feat(ResponseActions): Allow for custom response actions (#285)
patternfly/virtual-assistant: packages/module/patternfly-docs/content/extensions/virtual-assistant/examples/ChatbotMessage/ChatbotMessage.md

```

> ### Custom messages actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Custom message actions
```

> You can add custom actions by passing an `actions` object with a key other than positive, negative, copy, share, or listen. This object can contain the following customizations: `ariaLabel`, `onClick`, `className`, `isDisabled`, `tooltipContent`, `tooltipProps`, and `icon`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beyond the standard message actions (positive, negative, copy, share, or listen), you can add custom actions to a bot message by passing an `actions` object to the `<Message>` component. This object can contain the following customizations: `ariaLabel`, `onClick`, `className`, `isDisabled`, `tooltipContent`, `tooltipProps`, and `icon`.
```
